---
title: Services
---

We offer our expertise through the software increments we develop.

As a software development collective, we work on a __time & materials__ basis.
We work as __a self-managing team__ with a single point of contact assigned to
you.

Within this model we position ourselves as an __IT staff augmentation__ service
provider, where we take the full responsibility of software system(s) that you
prefer to be dealt with externally so that you keep your focus on your core
business concerns.

## Custom Software Development

We help you advance.

We recommend our clients to develop only what is crucial for their core product
vision and leverage ready-to-use software for the rest of their needs. Although
this is feasible for start-ups or early-stage products of established companies,
there is a turning point that you start to require a custom development even for
complementary needs such as notification services, integration systems etc.

This is where we kick in. We offer our services for you to keep your focus on
your core business concerns without any compromise in your custom requirements.
We are a self-managing software engineering team who takes care of its own
technical-debts out of the box.

Have a look at our [case studies](./case-studies.md) to get a better feeling of
how we can help you.

## Re-engineering

We keep you focused.

If your organization uses a custom software developed specifically to support
your core operations, this software is likely to become legacy and lack the
necessary technology upgrades. This occurs because your organization naturally
prioritize its core business problems over these side system technical
requirements.

This causes a chronic problem that requires to be addressed by a professional
service. We are more than happy to offer our expertise to take the full
responsibility of such systems. This way we aim to create a win-win situation,
where you focus your work force on your core business challenges while we find a
chance to solve several engineering challenges.

Have a look at our [case studies](./case-studies.md) to get a better feeling of
how we can help you.

## Long-term Partnership

We trust.

Software development requires a keen focus. It's not something that you can
achieve through a short-term deal. As Mouseless, we believe that building trust
is a prerequisite to have a high-performing team. Let's meet, build a long-term
partnership and see what we can achieve together.

Reach out.

We are [here][github] and [here][mail].

---

Want more? Dig in to learn about [our process](./process.md) and [who we
are](./about.md).

[github]: https://github.com/mouseless
[mail]: mailto:connect@mouseless.codes
